---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "border0_policy_v2_document Data Source - terraform-provider-border0"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  border0_policy_v2_document data source can be used to generate a policy document in JSON format for use with border0_policy resource.
---

# border0_policy_v2_document (Data Source)

`border0_policy_v2_document` data source can be used to generate a policy document in JSON format for use with `border0_policy` resource.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `condition` (Block Set, Min: 1) The conditions under which you want to allow the actions. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--condition))
- `permissions` (Block Set, Min: 1) The permissions that you want to allow. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--permissions))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `json` (String)

<a id="nestedblock--condition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `condition`

Required:

- `when` (Block Set, Min: 1) When the request must be made to be allowed to perform the actions. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--condition--when))
- `where` (Block Set, Min: 1) Where the request must originate from to be allowed to perform the actions. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--condition--where))
- `who` (Block Set, Min: 1) Who is allowed to perform the actions. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--condition--who))

<a id="nestedblock--condition--when"></a>
### Nested Schema for `condition.when`

Optional:

- `after` (String) When the request must be made after to be allowed to perform the actions.
- `before` (String) When the request must be made before to be allowed to perform the actions.
- `time_of_day_after` (String) When the request must be made after to be allowed to perform the actions.
- `time_of_day_before` (String) When the request must be made before to be allowed to perform the actions.


<a id="nestedblock--condition--where"></a>
### Nested Schema for `condition.where`

Optional:

- `allowed_ip` (Set of String) The IP address that the request must originate from to be allowed to perform the actions.
- `country` (Set of String) The country that the request must originate from to be allowed to perform the actions.
- `country_not` (Set of String) The country that the request must _NOT_ originate from to be allowed to perform the actions.


<a id="nestedblock--condition--who"></a>
### Nested Schema for `condition.who`

Optional:

- `email` (Set of String) The email address of the user who is allowed to perform the actions.
- `group` (Set of String) The group uuid of the group which is allowed to perform the actions.
- `service_account` (Set of String) The service account name which is allowed to perform the actions.



<a id="nestedblock--permissions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `permissions`

Optional:

- `database` (Block Set) The Database permissions that you want to allow. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--permissions--database))
- `http` (Block Set) The HTTP permissions that you want to allow. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--permissions--http))
- `kubernetes` (Block Set) The Kubernetes permissions that you want to allow. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--permissions--kubernetes))
- `rdp` (Block Set) The RDP permissions that you want to allow. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--permissions--rdp))
- `ssh` (Block Set) The SSH permissions that you want to allow. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--permissions--ssh))
- `tls` (Block Set) The TLS permissions that you want to allow. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--permissions--tls))
- `vnc` (Block Set) The VNC permissions that you want to allow. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--permissions--vnc))
- `vpn` (Block Set) The VPN permissions that you want to allow. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--permissions--vpn))

<a id="nestedblock--permissions--database"></a>
### Nested Schema for `permissions.database`

Required:

- `allowed` (Boolean) Whether database access is allowed.

Optional:

- `allowed_databases` (Block List) List of allowed databases. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--permissions--database--allowed_databases))
- `max_session_duration_seconds` (Number) Maximum session duration in seconds.
- `use_allowed_databases_list` (Boolean) Use allowed databases list.

<a id="nestedblock--permissions--database--allowed_databases"></a>
### Nested Schema for `permissions.database.allowed_databases`

Required:

- `database` (String) The name of the database.

Optional:

- `allowed_query_types` (List of String) List of allowed query types.
- `use_allowed_query_types_list` (Boolean) Use allowed query types list.



<a id="nestedblock--permissions--http"></a>
### Nested Schema for `permissions.http`

Required:

- `allowed` (Boolean) Whether http access is allowed.


<a id="nestedblock--permissions--kubernetes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `permissions.kubernetes`

Required:

- `allowed` (Boolean) Whether kubernetes access is allowed.


<a id="nestedblock--permissions--rdp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `permissions.rdp`

Required:

- `allowed` (Boolean) Whether rdp access is allowed.


<a id="nestedblock--permissions--ssh"></a>
### Nested Schema for `permissions.ssh`

Required:

- `allowed` (Boolean) Whether ssh access is allowed.

Optional:

- `allowed_usernames` (List of String) List of allowed usernames.
- `docker_exec` (Block Set) SSH Docker Exec permission. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--permissions--ssh--docker_exec))
- `exec` (Block Set) SSH Exec permission. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--permissions--ssh--exec))
- `kubectl_exec` (Block Set) SSH Kubectl Exec permission. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--permissions--ssh--kubectl_exec))
- `max_session_duration_seconds` (Number) Maximum session duration in seconds.
- `sftp` (Block Set) SSH SFTP permission. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--permissions--ssh--sftp))
- `shell` (Block Set) SSH Shell permission. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--permissions--ssh--shell))
- `tcp_forwarding` (Block Set) SSH TCP Forwarding permission. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--permissions--ssh--tcp_forwarding))
- `use_allowed_usernames_list` (Boolean) Use allowed usernames list.

<a id="nestedblock--permissions--ssh--docker_exec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `permissions.ssh.docker_exec`

Required:

- `allowed` (Boolean) Whether docker exec access is allowed.

Optional:

- `allowed_containers` (List of String) List of allowed containers.
- `use_allowed_containers_list` (Boolean) Use allowed containers list.


<a id="nestedblock--permissions--ssh--exec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `permissions.ssh.exec`

Required:

- `allowed` (Boolean) Whether ssh exec access is allowed.

Optional:

- `commands` (List of String) List of allowed commands.
- `use_commands_list` (Boolean) Use allowed commands list.


<a id="nestedblock--permissions--ssh--kubectl_exec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `permissions.ssh.kubectl_exec`

Required:

- `allowed` (Boolean) Whether kubernetes exec access is allowed.

Optional:

- `allowed_namespaces` (Block List) List of allowed namespaces. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--permissions--ssh--kubectl_exec--allowed_namespaces))
- `use_allowed_namespaces_list` (Boolean) Use allowed namespaces list.

<a id="nestedblock--permissions--ssh--kubectl_exec--allowed_namespaces"></a>
### Nested Schema for `permissions.ssh.kubectl_exec.allowed_namespaces`

Required:

- `namespace` (String) Namespace name.

Optional:

- `pod_selector` (Map of String) Pod selector map.
- `use_pod_selector` (Boolean) Use pod selector.



<a id="nestedblock--permissions--ssh--sftp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `permissions.ssh.sftp`

Required:

- `allowed` (Boolean) Whether ssh sftp access is allowed.


<a id="nestedblock--permissions--ssh--shell"></a>
### Nested Schema for `permissions.ssh.shell`

Required:

- `allowed` (Boolean) Whether ssh shell access is allowed.


<a id="nestedblock--permissions--ssh--tcp_forwarding"></a>
### Nested Schema for `permissions.ssh.tcp_forwarding`

Required:

- `allowed` (Boolean) Whether ssh sftp access is allowed.

Optional:

- `allowed_connections` (Block List) List of allowed TCP forwarding connections. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--permissions--ssh--tcp_forwarding--allowed_connections))
- `use_allowed_connections_list` (Boolean) Use allowed connections list.

<a id="nestedblock--permissions--ssh--tcp_forwarding--allowed_connections"></a>
### Nested Schema for `permissions.ssh.tcp_forwarding.allowed_connections`

Required:

- `destination_address` (String) Destination address.
- `destination_port` (String) Destination port.




<a id="nestedblock--permissions--tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `permissions.tls`

Required:

- `allowed` (Boolean) Whether tls access is allowed.


<a id="nestedblock--permissions--vnc"></a>
### Nested Schema for `permissions.vnc`

Required:

- `allowed` (Boolean) Whether vnc access is allowed.


<a id="nestedblock--permissions--vpn"></a>
### Nested Schema for `permissions.vpn`

Required:

- `allowed` (Boolean) Whether vpn access is allowed.
