---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "border0_policy_document Data Source - terraform-provider-border0"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  border0_policy_document data source can be used to generate a policy document in JSON format for use with border0_policy resource.
---

# border0_policy_document (Data Source)

`border0_policy_document` data source can be used to generate a policy document in JSON format for use with `border0_policy` resource.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "border0_policy_document" "example" {
  version = "v1"
  action  = ["database", "ssh", "http", "tls"]
  condition {
    who {
      email  = [] # your email goes here
      group  = []
      domain = ["example.com"]
    }
    where {
      allowed_ip  = ["0.0.0.0/0", "::/0"]
      country     = ["NL", "CA", "US", "BR", "FR"]
      country_not = ["BE"]
    }
    when {
      after              = "2022-10-13T05:12:27Z"
      time_of_day_after  = "00:00 UTC"
      time_of_day_before = "23:59 UTC"
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `action` (Set of String) The actions that you want to allow.
- `condition` (Block Set, Min: 1) The conditions under which you want to allow the actions. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--condition))
- `version` (String) The policy language version.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `json` (String)

<a id="nestedblock--condition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `condition`

Required:

- `when` (Block Set, Min: 1) When the request must be made to be allowed to perform the actions. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--condition--when))
- `where` (Block Set, Min: 1) Where the request must originate from to be allowed to perform the actions. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--condition--where))
- `who` (Block Set, Min: 1) Who is allowed to perform the actions. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--condition--who))

<a id="nestedblock--condition--when"></a>
### Nested Schema for `condition.when`

Optional:

- `after` (String) When the request must be made after to be allowed to perform the actions.
- `before` (String) When the request must be made before to be allowed to perform the actions.
- `time_of_day_after` (String) When the request must be made after to be allowed to perform the actions.
- `time_of_day_before` (String) When the request must be made before to be allowed to perform the actions.


<a id="nestedblock--condition--where"></a>
### Nested Schema for `condition.where`

Optional:

- `allowed_ip` (Set of String) The IP address that the request must originate from to be allowed to perform the actions.
- `country` (Set of String) The country that the request must originate from to be allowed to perform the actions.
- `country_not` (Set of String) The country that the request must _NOT_ originate from to be allowed to perform the actions.


<a id="nestedblock--condition--who"></a>
### Nested Schema for `condition.who`

Optional:

- `domain` (Set of String) The domain of the user who is allowed to perform the actions.
- `email` (Set of String) The email address of the user who is allowed to perform the actions.
- `group` (Set of String) The group uuid of the group which is allowed to perform the actions.
